README.md, before:

# pokemon
Pokemon is a library to link to your C/C++ program to debug Lua code using 
[QtCreator](http://www.qt.io/ide/).

## Usage
To see an example how to integrate the debugger with your C/C++ code take a 
look at `src/example.cpp`.

Connect QtCreator to you Lua code by simply marking your project as 'QML
enabled' and uncheck the 'Run in terminal' box. 

> Projects -> 'your project name' -> Build & Run -> 'your kit' -> Run -> Enable QML

Start your program in the debugger and place a breakpoint in any of your
Lua files.

If you must run your program in a terminal, you need to connect the QML
debugger manually:

> Debug -> Start Debugging -> Attach to QML port ...

### Disable debugging

You can disable Lua debugging by defining `POKEMON_NDEBUG` in your project.
If defined you no longer need to link to the pokemon static/shared library. 

## Compatibility

* You need QtCreator 3.5.1 or build it yourself using the current master branch.
* The debugger has been tested with Lua 5.1 and 5.2 on Linux (x86_64).
* The Windows implementation is a stub and doesn't work right now.

## Caveats
- QtCreator will always force evaluation of the 'this' expression which has no counterpart in Lua

Commit message:

Updated README.md to explain about the environment variable QTC_QMLDEBUGGER_FILEEXTENSIONS

README.md, after:

# pokemon
Pokemon is a library to link to your C/C++ program to debug Lua code using 
[QtCreator](http://www.qt.io/ide/).

## Usage

### Configure your environment

Set the environment variable `QTC_QMLDEBUGGER_FILEEXTENSIONS` to the file
extensions for QML/JS and Lua:

```
bash>export QTC_QMLDEBUGGER_FILEEXTENSIONS=".qml;.js;.lua"
```

### Configure your project in QtCreator

Connect QtCreator to you Lua code by simply marking your project as 'QML
enabled' and uncheck the 'Run in terminal' box. 

> Projects -> 'your project name' -> Build & Run -> 'your kit' -> Run -> Enable QML


If you must run your program in a terminal, you need to connect the QML
debugger manually:

> Debug -> Start Debugging -> Attach to QML port ...

### Setup pokemon in your source code
To see an example how to integrate the debugger with your C/C++ code take a 
look at `src/example.cpp`.


Start your program in the debugger and place a breakpoint in any of your
Lua files.

#### Disable debugging

You can disable Lua debugging by defining `POKEMON_NDEBUG` in your project.
If defined you no longer need to link to the pokemon static/shared library. 

## Compatibility

* You need QtCreator 3.5.1 or build it yourself using the current master branch.
* The debugger has been tested with Lua 5.1 and 5.2 on Linux (x86_64).
* The Windows implementation is a stub and doesn't work right now.

## Caveats
- QtCreator will always force evaluation of the 'this' expression which has no counterpart in Lua
